Good morning, family. I know you're used to seeing my husband, but today it's just me.
I have some things that I feel the Lord wants me to share with you, so we're just going to get right into it. Last night, I had a dream.
Before I get to the dream, I've been reading this book, 'Killing Kryptonite.'It's by John Bevere and it's called 'Killing Kryptonite: Destroy What Steals Your Strength.'The Lord has been talking to me because I call myself a 'book snob.'I really know which books feed my spirit.
If the books I've suggested have been a help to you, the Lord has been telling me to create a Goodreads account so people who want to know what I'm reading can find them.
I'm always reading, so I'll be putting those on my Goodreads account bookshelves so you can see what I'm reading, what I've read, and the stars I've given.
I will put that link in the description if you want to see about that.
Anyway, regarding this book: when we've said there will be a revival in these last days, we have gotten emails and comments challenging that, asking where that is in the Bible.
It's interesting because the Lord led me to this book, and it has several scriptures backing that there will be a revival in the last days.
I'm going to read this part from page 68 for anyone who wants to get the book.
It says, 'Let me start by sharing an experience in prayer I'll never forget.
I heard so clearly: Son, the book of Acts will seem like child's play in comparison to what I'm about to do in and through the church prior to my Son's return.
I was in shock. In fact, I didn't believe what I had heard. I countered by saying: Father, I need three different references from the Bible to believe this.
Interestingly, I sensed no displeasure in asking for this.
We are to test all things (1 Thessalonians) and are told: by the mouth of two or three witnesses let every word be established (2 Corinthians 13:1).'One of the references He directed me to is the scripture: 'For thus says the Lord of hosts: Once more (it is a little while) I will shake heaven and earth, the sea and dry land; and I will shake all nations, and they shall come to the Desire of All Nations, and I will fill this temple with glory, says the Lord of hosts.
The glory of this latter temple shall be greater than the former, says the Lord of hosts.'That is Haggai 2:6-7 and 9.
So, what about the time period? Is Haggai discussing the church from beginning to end?
In other words, is it from the time of Jesus'ascension to the time of His second coming?
Look again at God's words as written down by Haggai: 'Once more (it is a little while) I will shake the heaven and the earth, the sea and the dry land; and I will shake all nations, and they shall come to the Desire of All Nations, and I will fill this temple with glory.'The glory he refers to occurs in this time period.
The shaking occurs. He makes another promise: 'Once again I will shake not only the earth but the heavens also.'This means that all of creation will be shaken and removed so that only unshakable things will remain.
A well-established pattern is seen throughout scripture: God always saves the best for last.
We are told the end of a thing is better than its beginning (Ecclesiastes 7:8).
Jesus displays this pattern by saving the best wine for last at the wedding of Cana.
Later, He declares that anyone who believes in Me will do the same works I have done, and even greater works.
Why would the greater come after Jesus has ascended? Because He always saves the best for last.
The same is true for the church; its end will be better than its beginning.
The book of Acts shows a remarkable beginning, so can you believe that the end of the church's time on Earth will be less glorious, powerful, and impactful than the beginning?
Remember, Paul states your faith should not be in the wisdom of men but in the power of God, and again, that the kingdom of God is not in word but in power (1 Corinthians 2:5).
Power is a huge aspect of God's manifested kingdom on Earth.
I thought that would help those of you who have asked. I'm excited and ready for it.
There's going to be a great outpouring of miracles and healings; it's coming.
Last night I had a dream, and in the dream, I saw what appeared to be a revival.
I'm not going to name names, but there was a preacher up there and there were what appeared to be miracles—people being set free.
It appeared that His glory was there; people were reacting as if it were, and there were signs of miracles being performed.
It was on a massive scale. From the outside looking in, it appeared to be a mighty move of God, like an end-time revival.
But as I was there, I sensed in my spirit that something wasn't right. This did not feel like the Lord.
Then I heard the preacher saying, 'An even greater works will we do than what Jesus did.'But scripture says in Mark that false Christs and false prophets will arise and perform great signs and wonders so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect.
I felt in my spirit to warn you: do not be led astray by just miracles and performances, because they were twisting scripture.
They weren't preaching the uncompromised Word of God. This is very serious.
There will be people who profess they are of God, who are going to perform signs, wonders, healings, and manifestations of glory, but they're not going to be preaching that Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
They're going to twist it, saying there's more than one way to get to heaven, that you don't need just Jesus, or that you can serve other gods because God is universal.
You're going to see them operate in giftings of the spirit, so to speak, but it is a demonic spirit trying to twist it.
When you see people's eyes and ears open, it tries to sway people.
They'll automatically think it has to be God, but the devil is a great deceiver.
He is going to counterfeit it. That's what I heard in my spirit.
The Lord said, 'Anything that I do, the devil tries to counterfeit.'He always wants to be greater than God.
That was his whole agenda from the beginning; that was what caused his demise—trying to be equal with or better than Him, which we know is impossible, but he's still going to try.
Just like it was with the children of Israel and Pharaoh's magicians.
They were performing miracles too; they transformed their staffs into snakes.
But even they had to eventually recognize the higher power and say Moses'God is God.
They had to recognize the higher power even while trying to do their witchcraft to fool the people. The devil has power, but we have the Greater One.
Diana had that dream, and the Lord told me to warn you that he's going to try to deceive the multitudes.
You're going to have to be on guard, being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit in these last days so he is not able to snare you just because you see somebody get healed.
I warned you about celebrities who get born again and say, 'We're on fire for Jesus,'then all of a sudden start preaching that there's more than one way to get to Jesus, or start talking about compromise and how you can live a compromising lifestyle—just so you can wallow in filth and not change, basically.
It was just a bunch of sugar-coated poop. This is a time like never before for the body of Christ to have their discernment up.
Be on guard. It's not time to let down and just go, 'Oh, the revival's here!'You've got to be on guard even in the midst of that.
Scrutinize what they're preaching to make sure it's not a false gospel. I had that heavy on my spirit today after I woke up.
It's important to tell the body of Christ because a lot of you are going to fall prey to it.
We're so hungry and desperate for miracles; people are easily wooed by the supernatural, whether dark or light.
That's why witchcraft is exploding in the United States; people are hungry for change.
If they're not seeing it in the church, they're going to find something authentic elsewhere and get a hold of a rattlesnake.
I don't think people realize how closely he's going to try to imitate it.
That's the part that alarmed me in the dream. It looked identical from the outside.
The only reason I knew was in my spirit; my spirit felt dirty.
God is clean and holy. It was disturbing how closely he mimicked it to a tee.
It raised the hairs on my skin; I had chills in a bad way, and I wanted to get out of there. It's coming like a freight train.
Look at that scripture: 'even the elect.'Even the Christians who should know better will be deceived.
That means they're going to be good at what they do. When we see this stuff, don't be alarmed; just know that it's a sign of the times.
I also can't leave out another of my favorite books, 'Seeing Jesus.'It's one of our favorites.
It is a fiction book, so if you're not into fiction, this probably wouldn't be for you, but I will put it in my Goodreads link.
Even though it's fiction, this person has definitely seen Jesus; he's had an encounter, because it is one of the most authentic experiences put into words.
It describes a relationship where He walks with you and talks with you.
The way he describes the visitations I've had—the way He sounds and talks—I'm telling you, the author, Jeffrey McClain Jones, claims it's fiction, but I'll leave it up to you to decide.
He has a whole series, but the first one, 'Seeing Jesus,'is the best.
It blessed me because He's real. He cares about what we care about and He's a part of our life.
Some people try to make a relationship with Him so religious, but He's so real.
I also created a bookshelf for marriage books. I have two that are life-changing.
One is called 'The Love Dare.'Even if you have a good marriage, it's always good to work on it.
The other is called 'Divorce Busting.'It's another amazing book that I read in a class.
I'll keep adding books as I think of them. I don't take the books I add there without much prayer.
Let's go ahead and pray. Father, right now we come before You and I lift up the women who are believing for children.
Father, open up their wombs. Your word in Malachi talks about how your seed will be blessed.
I thank You that You heal whatever needs to be healed in their bodies right now.
We thank You for creative miracles, that organs that need to be there are there. Bless the fruit of their womb, Father.
I thank You for healthy, full-term babies with nothing missing and nothing broken.
They shall not have back pains, migraines, or issues the world says are a part of pregnancy.
We're not under the curse; the blood of Jesus has set us free. I rebuke colic in Jesus'name.
We pray over the nursing—that it's easy, that the babies latch on, and that the milk is bountiful and painless.
If they're doing formula, we pray over that too; that they get what they need and their bodies form as they are supposed to.
I pray against painful teething; may they be at peace as their teeth come through.
For the tired mamas, I pray they are encouraged and equipped. Give them rest and strength.
I thank You that there is no postpartum depression over these mamas; that their hormones are balanced and normalized.
We thank You for great joy and peace over these families, that their marriages are in unity and love.
No weapon formed against them will prosper. Amen. We have gotten tax-deductible receipts set up.
The info is in the description. We're never asking, but it's for those who requested it.
Thank you for watching. If you like this video, please click like and subscribe.
I'm not used to being the only speaker, but I know the Lord laid this on my heart today.
I love and appreciate you all. Next time, it'll be both of us.
You did great, babe. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you, and so do we. See you next time. Bye.